The goal of the previous video was to build a nice abstraction
over React in Redux so that we can use them more effectively together.
And the way that we did that was by building out this provider component which was
responsible for sticking our Redux store on context,
so that way any child component that needs it can just grab it off of context.
But again, if you think of this like the library code,
so this might be a component you would download from MPM,
we've really only accomplished half of what we're trying to do.
Because what we've done is we're using
context dot provider to stick our store on context.
But if you download this from MPM,
what you're still required to do is you're still required to
use context dot consumer in order to grab the store.
So really, our library right now for making
our abstraction over React and Redux work a little more
effectively together is really only half done because we need to create
a nice API inorder for the user to grab
the information off of context without having to use context dot consumer.
So, just like we build a nice abstraction
over context dot provider using our provider component,
we'll also build an abstraction over
context dot consumer by building what we will call a connect function.
So, in this video, we will look at what the API for our connect function is going to do,
and then in the next video what we're going to do is we will actually implement it.
If you look at any time we use context dot consumer,
there are really two things that we're doing here.
We are rendering a component and then we're passing
that component any data that it needs from the store.
So, when we build our abstraction over context dot consumer,
we need to make sure that we're still able to do both of those things.
First render any component, and second,
pass that component any data it needs from the store.
So, what if the API looked a little bit something like this?
So, we can have a new variable here,
we'll call it ConnectedApp,
and now we want to invoke connect,
and what it's going to return us is ConnectedApp.
So, again, what we're doing is we're going to wrap all of
this functionality with context dot consumer App inside of this connect function.
And now, what we need to tell connect is two things.
First what component it needs to render,
and second, any data that it needs from the store.
So, we'll use the programming technique
Kering that we saw a little bit earlier when we talked about middleware,
in order to accomplish this.
So, what we'll do, is when we invoke connect,
that's going to return us a new function which we can
then invoke with the second set of parents.
Now again, this looks pretty weird,
but what we're going to do here is in the first set of parents,
we'll pass any data that the component needs.
And the second set of parents,
we'll pass any component that's going to actually be rendered.
So, in our example here, first,
we will pass in our App component because that's what ConnectedApp needs to render,
and then now what we want to do is we want to pass
a function into this first set of parents.
This function is going to be past the store,
and any properties that we return on
this object will be passed as props to our App component.
So, if you look at our App component,
the only prop that we need from store is this loading component.
So, what we can do is we will say loading is going to be stored out loading.
And then now what this is going to allow us to do eventually when we implement connect
is we can delete our ConnectedApp component because we now have that here.
And inside of App we are being passed a prop called Loading,
so we can delete all of this code and just say this dot props dot loading.
And then we'll also make sure that whenever we connect a component with
our connect higher order component that we also pass it dispatch as a prop.
So, instead of being passed the whole store,
it's going to be passed dispatch,
so we can get rid of stored up dispatch here so we can
still dispatch our handle initial data action creator.
But now what's nice about this too is the user
doesn't need to manually subscribe because we can
wrap up this implementation inside of our implementation of connect once we build it out.
And so, now that we have our ConnectedApp component here
that we are getting from our soon to be built connect function,
let's go ahead and do the exact same thing for our ConnectedGoal's component,
as well as, ConnectedTodos.
So, what we'll do is we can say
const connected goals is going to equal the invocation of connect,
we invoke it that will return us a function,
which we can then pass the component that we want to render,
which is going to be our goals component.
And then now, if you look at the data that goal's needs,
all it needs is the goals property from the store.
So, what we can do is we want to say goals is going to be coming from store dot goals,
that will now replace this,
and our goals component will still be past goals because that's what
we are returning from this function right here.
And then we want to do the exact same thing for the todos.
So, I'm going to copy this,
and up here instead of having this ConnectedTodos,
what we'll be able to do is we can say,
ConnectedTodos is going to equal the invocation of connect,
we passed to it any data that it needs as the first argument to this first invocation,
which is going to be todos which will come
from store dot todos and then once we invoke that,
we invoke the results of what that will give
us passing it the component we want to render which is going to be our todos component.
So now again, that will allow us to get rid of
that connected todos component because we have obstracted all
of that logic inside of this connect higher
order component that we're going to be building out in the next video.
And so, there's just one small change I want to make here.
You'll notice that when we invoke connect,
the first function that we pass it,
we are saying that it's receiving the store.
Technically instead of receiving the store,
it's going to return the state.
So, what we'll do is we will update anywhere that we are using
connect to instead of being passed the store,
it's actually just being passed the state of the store.
And the last one is going to be right here.